[Music]
Hello, how are you my dearest
friends from the Gema López channel? She
responded to the interview about
her colleague's statements yesterday. I
was going to say boss, but well, the phenomenon,
colleague Jorge Javier Vázquez. We
were already talking yesterday. In fact, in
fact, you have the entire review on
my secondary channel. I was analyzing
the entire interview about open love, where
he attacked
all of his colleagues one by one, not from
Sálvame, but for everyone, he had a suit, not a
special one. Furthermore, López didn't give it much, to be
honest, she didn't give it very hard, so
her words really caught my attention
because she said that he's bad, but a
very important person for the program because he
had,
and well, he
presented sanity, sanity to the program,
not coherence. But what caught my
attention, thank you very much. Well, it made me even
more, thank you, to catch my attention was
that she said that they couldn't make Sálvame
with ten collaborators like Gema López. And it
's like, I mean, you're saying that a
person who brings sanity, who brings
coherence to the program, is inventing,
recognizing that  Sálvame couldn't have
all the collaborators as if it were
Gema, lest they all be the same as
Gema, no because of course you're saying
that Sálvame is what sanity is, dwarf, and
no, and well, it's more answered by some
words that are quite, quite grateful
to take things as they are, she says
and recognizes and has told how she came to
work in this medium thanks to Jorge, who
proposed her name for a casting
on Antena 3 and from there everything went
upwards, nothing, that she is
very grateful for her words that she is
going to continue being herself, that she doesn't
want to keep quiet about anything and that above all she is going to
be true to her principle, okay, that's what
Gema said, I'm not the smartest, nor the
most intelligent, nor the one who does it the best,
but I am true to myself, that's why in
Sálvame I adapted little by little, first I
came one day, then 2, then 3, adapting
to a medium and a way of making
television that is very different, and so different,
Gema Sálvame is a bit like being
in the square of your neighborhood,
like sitting here in the  small square in
some benches and if today you have to chat
if today you have to count on you and if the
other you have to take and Billy art
acquired with
with whoever well I forgive for the
sound the whatsapp but well I had it
open here by accident and nothing this has
been the response of gema lopez at the
moment it is very calm this
week the atmosphere is going to
heat up starting next week
when we have a new reality show and there will be
more and more talk about the issue of
rossi jurado's diary so nothing
see you in the next video and a hug
[Music]